hello and welcome
My name is because today there is one
new top five but before that I have something
said that I will do and that
huge now a little song in the
quarter rex and all my ducks
swim on the lake swim on the lake
see and today there are the top 5 of the
New Vahr lay that was now
Bit wrong but definitely have
the whole time again on facebook
tuned and you have neat
I really liked that
and let's start with the number directly
five on number 5 we have the
Strom falls from the giant and that
at the thomson I'm scary that
this fall into the ranking
because i think many will be this
trap with the tactics associated with
the thought as they tuned
to have
and yes it is not quite nice the fall
costs 1000 points and is really
really a very good trap for many
many tactics
I think I'll be one in the background
tactics of running it and here
we come to number four on the
Number four we have the fan
fall from web of the dead I'm mine
not even sure if you have the
fan trap is called or if you call it
Knife fall and no idea
In any case, I will do it now
a 6 second cliff background
pack
and yes I 'm short
As you could see is this clip
Pretty funny you can fall this trap
very good use for pain before
all pain like you just good
could see
Of course you can do the fall too
use to pay people
and yes, commercial number three on the
third place we have a black ops 1
map and although chino number two china
yes there is this trap in the middle of the
card i just got it !
has three dingsbums in the end
it then explained to me my subscribers
that it's easy to say exactly how
blogger and yes I think the trap is
me very horny full I use them
myself very much and yes it costs 750
points that's a big one
difference between the others fall
because otherwise no one else no
third exactly no other trap 750
points cost except this trap and that
I think she is so cheap
and that you get them back so fast
can use number two on the
second place we even have mine
favorite trap and that is the children of
dead fire trap i'm wondering that
you have chosen this trap because it is
really really one really
Horny loss and I just celebrate it
to play with this and yes she can
you in the reception room if you go left
Enable So I have now completely
funny explained
In any case, if you are rome in the beginning
just go straight to the left then
open the door and then the case
then you can activate with this
trap it there is a very complete
simple tactics with this trap and
that's why you think so too
fall elected I find very horny
and off to number 1
in the first place we have a map
of the dead fall again and that
the acid trap
Well, I have to say that in black ops
2, there are not many fall
But then there's just a card
two pieces and this even in the ranking
landed for me super cool
Either way, so respect us so
Acid trap is also one of mine
favorite fall because you are with you
just so beautiful can just be so beautiful
because no idea there are so many
tactics with this trap and yes me
actually do not need anything anymore
say it's a cool trap it does
fun to play with her and that was it
also with the top 5 and that I am
at the beginning I sang that is for
the dear right and yes I am one
a little tired because I've been there
beaten do not let me lie
I'm about 14 hours awake because I am
just have to go through the night because or
because I have to go through the whole day
just on monday again school and there
My sleep rhythm is so in the ass
that I am actually at 10 o'clock
go to sleep and then at 18 o'clock
get up that brings me but I have to
in proper sleep we land
that's why i'm sorry if you guys
This video is not so good this time
If you like this one well
tempered but previously destroyed dennis
could not celebrate in this video
In any case, that's a little something to me
next video and